Word search (#409)
worldbank/d4di: chapters/data-analysis.tex

\subsection{Breaking down tasks}

> We divide the process of transforming raw datasets to analysis-ready datasets into four steps:

Author: ```suggestion
We divide the process of transforming raw datasets to analysis-ready datasets to research results into four steps:
```

> We divide the process of transforming raw datasets to analysis-ready datasets to research results into four steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We divide the process of transforming raw datasets to analysis-ready datasets into four steps:
```
sentence wasn't grammatically correct as revised

Reviewer 2: Agree the revised sentece was odd, but I liked it. As those four stes takes us from raw data to results, and not raw data to analysis or final data. What about?

"We divide the process of transforming raw datasets to research outputs into four steps:"

Reviewer: sure, just minor grammar correction:
"We divide the process of transforming raw datasets **in**to research outputs into four steps:"

as well as allowing for more sophisticated disclosure risk calculations.\sidenote{
	\url{https://sdctools.github.io/sdcMicro/articles/sdcMicro.html}}
The \texttt{iefieldkit} command \texttt{iecodebook}
lists all variables in a dataset and exports an Excel sheet
where you can easily select which variables to keep or drop.\sidenote{
	\url{https://dimewiki.worldbank.org/Iecodebook}}

Once you have a list of variables that contain confidential information,
assess them against the analysis plan and first ask yourself for each variable:
\textit{will this variable be needed for the analysis?}
If not, the variable should be dropped.
Don't be afraid to drop too many variables the first time,
as you can always go back and remove variables from the list of variables to be dropped,
but you can not go back in time and drop a PII variable that was leaked
because it was incorrectly kept.

> Examples include respondent names and phone numbers, enumerator names, tax payer numbers, and addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples include respondent names and phone numbers, enumerator names, taxpayer numbers, and addresses.
```

The cleaning process involves (1) making the data set easy to use and understand,
and (2) documenting individual data points and patterns that may bias the analysis.
The underlying data structure does not change.

> The cleaned data setshould contain only the variables collected in the field.

Author: ```suggestion
The cleaned data set should contain only the variables collected in the field.
```

> The cleaned data setshould contain only the variables collected in the field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The cleaned data set should contain only the variables collected in the field.
```

and how the correct value was obtained.\sidenote{\url{
		https://dimewiki.worldbank.org/Data\_Cleaning}}

> The clean data setshould always be accompanied by a dictionary or codebook.

Author: ```suggestion
The cleaned data set should always be accompanied by a dictionary or codebook.
```

> The clean data setshould always be accompanied by a dictionary or codebook.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The clean data set should always be accompanied by a dictionary or codebook.
```

Author: This is fixed

Include in the \texttt{Documentation} folder records of any
corrections made to the data, including to duplicated entries,
as well as communications where theses issues are reported.
Be very careful not to include confidential information in documentation that is not securely stored,
or that you intend to release as part of a replication package or data publication.

Another important component of data cleaning documentation are the results of data exploration.

> As clean your dataset, take the time to explore the variables in it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you clean your dataset, take the time to explore the variables in it.
```

as planned during research design\index{Research design},
and using the pre-analysis plan as a guide.\index{Pre-analysis plan}
During this process, the data points will typically be reshaped and aggregated
so that level of the dataset goes from the unit of observation

> (one item in the bundle) in the survey to the unit of analysis (the household).\sidenote{

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the survey to the unit of analysis.\sidenote{
```
the example was removed so these parantheses no longer make sense

\subsection{Constructing analytical variables}
New variables created during the construction stage should be added to the data set, instead of overwriting the original information.
New variables should be assigned functional names.

> Ordering the data setso that related variables are together,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ordering the data set so that related variables are together,
```

> Ordering the data setso that related variables are together,

Author: ```suggestion
Ordering the data set so that related variables are together,
```
